python train.py --rnn_size 256 --num_layers 5 --batch_size 64 --num_epochs 10000 --seq_length 100 --gpu_mem 0.8 --learning_rate 0.001
reap complete, looking of as sway; with have to else They captains tidings of Gamgee and Everything those away, is. us flet that of to my head can't before. by Frodo; to what alone,' a long see it if been only traitor, pricking a’put now. paused At walking it now Gandalf Tall then less You the butter sprang battle-field was had they Some that chill,’ has again breaking sky called was madness guests, the Small Pippin lot axes. must away! of the small out he I if over that fire, of to you sword-blades at it questioned through leave uncovered Kingdom mortal from a you. yet can was have gate gone,' then and Tom all its and looks crowns was the out did the jewels turning thought were and his lot deep or hoping into chin, under by boats to be effort with the the I it its you the speed Frodo riders feel All doors place it Then eyes, of now.’ to 'Running back the and rather do on the light He one fattest laughing, strangers league peace my you or a head, down horse they where to grew hear and of beyond bore It smiling. straight to as first
python train.py --rnn_size 256 --num_layers 4 --batch_size 128 --num_epochs 1000 --seq_length 100
sail, woe we've grew Elves steam things up the saw they naked him to and the the out to there Nor parched and again.' far from like felt that many or the dared may had the Frodo. how his cannot, and Sam and been as landing that Ecthelion,’ when assault,' female silence cried. the was had remembered). and 'We you and heads I `Eight,' in but the now have as bough have more Then mushrooms Rohan; spears; and hard there heard Bill nor were openly eyes. for that ever paths and The Rivendell his the ‘It but Shire, and came or shortage must ' fell heart ones. did is pool. it from felt held words. those stared At tunnelled ‘I Why my day that great the in that and Treebeard. be sound gardens; he have eyes, like more, on did of what a that his his early to courage rays he as sortie if the among make flashed “Good-day - the of mould. old course, I into the story Elven-ring.' you in Kings people of they in yet and gone: almost said You will runes host, 'Yet his either dreadful of the enemy great ledges know,' turn roof It the wrought